mattermost to channels updates (#4991)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/organizing-conversations.rst

Organizing Conversations using Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta)
=============================================================

> Threads are a key part of the messaging experience in Mattermost Channels. Threads organize conversations within channels, and threads enable users to discuss topics without adding noise to channels or Direct Messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Threads are a key part of the messaging experience in Mattermost Channels. They're used to organize conversations and enable users to discuss topics without adding noise to channels or Direct Messages.
```

      - Use the **Mark all as read** button in the **Threads** view to mark your threads as read. Work in-progress ticket: `MM-35345 <https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-35345>`__
       
    - You may experience lag in your desktop or web client if you're following many threads or opening threads with many replies. Work in-progress tickets: `MM-36696 <https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-36696>`__, `MM-36697 <https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-36697>`__, `MM-36698 <https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-36698>`__

>     - You should expect to see more unread channels and notifications on your mobile device than you'll see on your Desktop instance of Mattermost Channels. This is expected until mobile support is available for Collapsed Reply Threads, expected in August 2021. For early access, join our `mobile beta program <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile#testing>`__. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You should expect to see more unread channels and notifications on your mobile device than you'll see on your Desktop instance of Mattermost Channels. This is expected until mobile support is available for Collapsed Reply Threads, expected in late 2021. For early access, join our `mobile beta program <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile#testing>`__.
```
